Add function to wait until dogu is available (#24)
cloudogu/dogu-build-lib: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Add function to wait until dogu is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- function `waitUntilAvailable(doguName, timeout)` to wait until the dogu is available. For more information see the readme: https://github.com/cloudogu/dogu-build-lib#functions
```

Reviewer: Also misses issue number
